Update dapr-settings.md for nodeSelector example and n/w req (#119852)
Azure/azure-content: articles/aks/dapr-settings.md

## Meet network requirements

The Dapr extension for AKS and Arc for Kubernetes requires the following outbound URLs on `https://:443` to function:
1. `https://mcr.microsoft.com/daprio` URL for pulling Dapr artifacts.

> 2. `https://linuxgeneva-microsoft.azurecr.io/` URL for pulling some Dapr dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `https://linuxgeneva-microsoft.azurecr.io/` URL for pulling any Dapr dependencies.
```

Author: hmm, I think `some` is better here, as `any` would reflect that all dependencies are resolved linuxgeneva registry, which is not the case.

Reviewer: ahh good callout, thank you!

> 3. Also, verify you've included the [outbound URLs required for AKS or Arc for Kubernetes](../azure-arc/kubernetes/network-requirements.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The [outbound URLs required for AKS or Arc for Kubernetes](../azure-arc/kubernetes/network-requirements.md). 
```

Author: Done.
